#3935: Move gradual rollout config to admin guide (#3990)
knative/docs: docs/snippets/gradual-rollout-intro.md

# Configuring gradual roll-out of traffic to Revisions

If your traffic configuration points to a Configuration target instead of a Revision target, when a new Revision is created and ready, 100% of the traffic from the target is immediately shifted to the new Revision.

> This might cause requests to become backed up, either at the QP or Activator, and after a while the requests might expire or be rejected by the QP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This might make the request queue too long, either at the QP or Activator, and cause the requests to expire or be rejected by the QP.
```

Reviewer: More subjective a suggestion, but I suspect ESL admins are much much more used to reading "become backed up" as "made a back-up copy" and might trip up.

<!--QUESTION: QP == queue proxy?-->

Knative provides a `rollout-duration` parameter, which can be used to gradually shift traffic to the latest Revision, preventing requests from being queued or rejected. Affected Configuration targets are rolled out to 1% of traffic first, and then in equal incremental steps for the rest of the assigned traffic.

!!! note

>     `rollout-duration` is time based, and does not interact with the autoscaling subsystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `rollout-duration` is time-based, and does not interact with the autoscaling subsystem.
```
